feat(icons): security icons (#3760)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/mighty-seals-sip.md

---
"@sumup-oss/icons": minor
---

> Added new icons for security-related use-cases. Moved, security-related icons into dedicated "Security" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new set of security icons in size 24:
- Passkey
- SecurityTimeSensitive
- TrustedCompany
- Unlock

And moved security-related icons into a dedicated "Security" section
```

Reviewer 2: The categorization of the icons is only relevant for the docs, so doesn't need to be mentioned in the changeset.

Author: Updated.
